C++ Portfolio 2013 Release Notes

Platform and Software - Linux Mint (Nadia), gcc/g++ GNU, vim/Eclipse

1. A C program which reads two integers N and N then a) sums all the integers between 1 and N b) sums the squares of all the even numbers between 1 and N c) creates a random array of length N of integers and gets the product of all multipes of 5 and 11 in the array and d) using that random array, computes the nth largest number in that array.

2. A program that performs simple addition and subtraction of two user-entered variables.

3. A program which counts the occurence of alphanumeric words in input.

4. A program which uses the sum of series to calculate the arctan of a number whose absolute value is less than one.

5. A program which uses the previous program to calculate PI from the arctan.

6. A program which calculate PI using a much more quickly convergent series.

7. A program which uses C++ style file i/o in order to make a copy of an input file.

8. A program which compares two text files and tells the user whether they are identical or not.

9. A program which displays file contents 20 lines at a time.

10. A program which calculates compound interest.

11. A program which computes the principal amount borrowed given a final amount owed, a rate and a period.

12. A program which capitalizes alphanumeric characters within a given character array.

13. A program which converts from one date format DD-MMM-YYYY to another DD/MM/YY with proper error checking and data checking.

14. A program which calculates the arctan of a double floating point number and takes a precision value into account.

15. A program which implements Newton's method of finding the square root of a given double floating point number.

16. A program which implements Newton's method of finding the nth root of a given double floating point number.

17. A program which flips a character array in place.

18. The Towers of Hanoi problem - a simple recursive algorithm.

19. The Fibonacci sequence - implemented as a recursive algoritm with some improvements to avoid memory misuse.

20a. The Quick Select algorithm implemented on an array of random integers.

20b. A program which allows for summing and differencing simple times as structs.

21. A program which performs the same functions as above but passes the output struct as an argument within the functions.

22. A program which provides for basic copy, fill and print functions on a struct containing personal data.

23. A program which uses functions which return reference variables to carry out the above.
